README.md, before:

# wink-embeddings-sg-100d
**100-dimensional English word embeddings for wink-nlp**

[<img align="right" src="https://decisively.github.io/wink-logos/logo-title.png" width="100px" >](https://winkjs.org/)
This pre-trained 100-dimensional English word embedding set is specifically optimized for [winkNLP](https://github.com/winkjs/wink-nlp). This package ( ~110MB download, ~310MB installed) includes embeddings for over 350K English words. Boost accuracy in semantic similarity, text classification, and more – even in the browser.

## Need Help?
If you spot a bug and the same has not yet been reported, raise a new [issue](https://github.com/winkjs/wink-embeddings-sg-100d/issues).

## About wink
[Wink](https://winkjs.org/) is a family of open source packages for **Natural Language Processing**, **Machine Learning** and **Statistical Analysis** in NodeJS. The code is **thoroughly documented** for easy human comprehension and has a **test coverage of ~100%** for reliability to build production grade solutions.

Commit message:

docs(README): add copyright & license

README.md, after:

# wink-embeddings-sg-100d
**100-dimensional English word embeddings for wink-nlp**

[<img align="right" src="https://decisively.github.io/wink-logos/logo-title.png" width="100px" >](https://winkjs.org/)
This pre-trained 100-dimensional English word embedding set is specifically optimized for [winkNLP](https://github.com/winkjs/wink-nlp). This package ( ~110MB download, ~310MB installed) includes embeddings for over 350K English words. Boost accuracy in semantic similarity, text classification, and more – even in the browser.

## Need Help?
If you spot a bug and the same has not yet been reported, raise a new [issue](https://github.com/winkjs/wink-embeddings-sg-100d/issues).


## About winkJS
[WinkJS](https://winkjs.org/) is a family of open source packages for **Natural Language Processing**, **Machine Learning**, and **Statistical Analysis** in NodeJS. The code is **thoroughly documented** for easy human comprehension and has a **test coverage of ~100%** for reliability to build production grade solutions.

## Copyright & License

**Wink NLP** is copyright 2017-23 [GRAYPE Systems Private Limited](https://graype.in/).

It is licensed under the terms of the MIT License.
